feat: just change uri args or headers when hiding credentials (#6991)
apache/apisix: docs/en/latest/plugins/key-auth.md

|--------|--------|-------------|---------|-------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| header | string | optional    | apikey  |       | The header to get the key from.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| query  | string | optional    | apikey  |       | The query string to get the key from. Lower priority than header.                                                                                                                                                                                                             |

> | hide_credentials   | bool | optional    | false        |       | When set to `false` passes the request header or query string containing authentication information to the Upstream. If `true`, the corresponding header or query string will be deleted, depending on whether the key is obtained from the header or from the query string.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| hide_credentials   | bool | optional    | false        |       | Apache APISIX will pass the request header or query string that contains the authentication information to the Upstream if `hide_credentials` is `false`. Otherwise the authentication information will be removed before proxying.|
```
